[bitnami/mongodb] Configure mongodb hostname during initialization (#34297)
bitnami/containers: bitnami/mongodb/README.md

Another option would be to use letsencrypt certificates; the required configuration steps for that scenario are left as an exercise for the user and are beyond the scope of this README.

> The hostname used during initialization can be configured using `MONGODB_LOCALHOST_NAME`. Use this to provide a vaild domain for your certificate. Preferably this hostname should be routed back to `127.0.0.1` through the hosts file. If not possible then progress can be made bybinding the mongo server to the correct ip, or all ips, in the configuration.

Author: ```suggestion
The hostname used during initialization can be configured using `MONGODB_LOCALHOST_NAME`. Use this to provide a valid domain for your certificate. Preferably this hostname should be routed back to `127.0.0.1` through the hosts file. If not possible then progress can be made by binding the MongoDB server to the correct IP, or all IPs, in the `mongodb.conf` configuration file.
https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/reference/configuration-options/#mongodb-setting-net.bindIp
```
